Update Code Analysis overview & setup documentation (#24290)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/setup.md

{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

> Set up Datadog Static Analysis in-app [here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To set up Datadog Software Composition Analysis, navigate to [**Software Delivery** > **Code Analysis**][6].
```

## Select where to run Software Composition Analysis scans
### Scan with Datadog-hosted scanning

> SCA scans can be run directly on Datadog's infrastructure. Get started in-app [here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCA scans can be run directly on Datadog's infrastructure. 
```

### Scan in CI pipelines
SCA can be run in your CI pipelines using the [`datadog-ci` CLI][5]. Configure your [Datadog API and application keys][3] and run SCA jobs in the respective CI provider.

> {{< whatsnext desc="See instructions based on your CI provider:">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< whatsnext desc="See the documentation for your CI provider:">}}
```

    {{< nextlink href="code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/github_actions" >}}GitHub Actions{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/generic_ci_providers" >}}Generic CI Providers{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< /whatsnext >}}

## Select your source code management provider
Datadog SCA supports all source code management providers, with native support for GitHub.
### Set up the GitHub integration 

> If GitHub is your source code management provider, you must configure a GitHub App using the [GitHub integration tile][9] and set up the [source code integration][10] to see code snippets in-app and enable [pull request comments][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GitHub is your source code management provider, you must configure a GitHub App using the [GitHub integration tile][9] and set up the [source code integration][10] to see inline code snippets and enable [pull request comments][11].
```

When installing a GitHub App, the following permissions are required to enable certain features:

- `Content: Read`, which allows you to see code snippets displayed in Datadog
- `Pull Request: Read & Write`, which allows Datadog to add feedback for violations directly in your pull requests using [pull request comments][11]

### Other source code management providers
If you are using another source code management provider, configure SCA to run in your CI pipelines via the datadog-ci CLI tool and [upload the results][8] to Datadog.

> You **must** run an analysis of your repository on the default branch before results can begin appearing in the Code Analysis page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You **must** run an analysis of your repository on the default branch before results can begin appearing on the **Code Analysis** page.
```
